Document changes in the AWS jslib v0.5.0 (#787)
grafana/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/docs/20 jslib/01 jslib/05 aws/03 KMSClient.md

---
title: 'KMSClient'
head_title: 'KMSClient'
description: 'KMSClient allows interacting with the AWS Key Management Service'
excerpt: 'KMSClient allows interacting with the AWS Key Management Service'
---

> `KMSClient` allows interactions with the AWS Key Management Service. Using it, the user can list all the Key Management Service keys in the caller's AWS account and region. They can also generate symmetric data keys for use outside of AWS Key Management Service. `KMSClient` operations are blocking, and we recommend reserving their usage to the [`setup`](/using-k6/test-life-cycle/) and [`teardown`](/using-k6/test-life-cycle/) functions as much as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`KMSClient` interacts with the AWS Key Management Service.
With it, the user can list all the Key Management Service keys in the caller's AWS account and region. They can also generate symmetric data keys to use outside of AWS Key Management Service. `KMSClient` operations are blocking. k6 recommends reserving their use to the [`setup`](/using-k6/test-life-cycle/) and [`teardown`](/using-k6/test-life-cycle/) stages as much as possible.
```

> The dedicated `kms.js` jslib bundle, and the all-encompassing `aws.js` one, include the `KMSClient`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bothe the dedicated `kms.js` jslib bundle and the all-encompassing `aws.js` bundle include the `KMSClient`. 
```
